Lists-
======
A curated list of amazingly awesome free (stock) photo resources for your projects. Inspired by all the other awesome awesomeness out there.

AllTheFreeStock - CC0 images. Some of the video requires attribution
fancycrave.com - royalty free high resolution images for your personal and commercial projects
flickr.com - internet archive book images, no known copyright restrictions
foodiesfeed.com - food images, free of licences
getrefe.tumblr.com - photos of people interacting with technology for personal or commercial projects
gratisography.com - all pictures are free of copyright restrictions
imcreator.com - requires attribution
jaymantri.com - entirely free of copyrights. 7 new photos every thursday.
kaboompics.com
lifeofpix.com - images for personal & commercial use. all images are donated to the public domain
littlevisuals.co - entirely free of copyrights. updated almost daily.
lockandstockphotos.com - requires attribution
magdeleine.co - hand picked, most images are free of licences
morguefile.com - no attribution required
moveast.me - a guy on a photographic journey. all images are CC0
nos.twnsnd.co - vintage images, free of any copyright restrictions
pexels.com - beautiful collection of photos, free of licenses
picjumbo.com - totally free photos for your commercial & personal works
picography.co - free of licences
publicdomainarchive.com - public domain images
publicphoto.org - public domain photos
raumrot.com
snapographic.com - free of licences
splitshire.com - delicious free stock photos for personal & commercial use
startupstockphotos.com - startup related photos, free of licences
superfamous.com - requires attribution
titania-foto.com - german, no attribution required, only resale on other stock image websites forbidden
travelcoffeebook.com 10 beautiful travel photos every 10 days. - all images are CC0
unsplash.com - free of licences
wefunction.com - free of licences
Contributing

I want this to become a truly awesome resource. Devs should be able to take a look and choose a great resource without googling for hours.

If you have any suggestions on how to make this better, open an issue.
If you have a resource to contribute, make a pull request. Please just use add resource.com in your commit message.
Please keep the format in alphabetical order.
In vim: Select the lines to be sorted in "Visual Line" mode with Shift + V and invoke the "sort" function with :sort.
In SublimeText: Just select the lines to be sorted and hit F5.
Please make sure the provider isn't some EvilCorp™ that'll send nice letters with a hefty price tag through their attorneys later on.

ToDo

figure out which data beside the licences is interesting/important
figure out a good way to format and represent the data
